hello how am I here and in this new
video let's talk about the keys
golden to open this magnificent chest
As you can see I have eight keys that do not
I am going to wear
what we are going to do is connect a
second command
we are chosen
triangle choose character
to command
it has like this is golden keys
the funny thing is that there are always days
gold keys
then let's do the test I have
I open it
moves correctly
Bumps shows no matter
I do not have it again
this is amazing and to say it
alright now let's change character
to another 50 you can spend the 10 keys
if you want me just so you can see that
there is a limit you can make it spend the 10
change from character to another spend the
10 what are you going to have in the other character
the character
they will be close
to resume
we confirm
and we go back to her now
I have
we take the objects
very pretty
we can open it
see
I can not believe I'm full
Jamaica
all right
you will see that I spent two keys with each
character well now what are we going to do
is to leave
I will go to the menu to save
there is no sharp exit or anything
Save the menu
and when it is already on the menu I leave
game to the menu xm
and re-enter the game
and I'm going to play
leave the game there is
good skip the whole load part I went back
into the action game where
to continue
and now we are going back to the sanctuary
to the chest
we are here
we go back there
I have 8 always
let's reopen it
choose character with the second command
if you say triangle
and the character
so close when
let's see
to confirm
we go back there
we have keys again
and so we can be all afternoon all
the week and the whole month
-We have
and nothing you can do as much as you want
an insane thank you very much for watching the
video if you liked to vote comment
and subscribe to the channel a lot of greetings
Thank you